Add "quic" property to manifest and add "--include-quic" switch to wptrunner (#23468)
web-platform-tests/wpt: docs/writing-tests/server-features.md

> <b>Important:</b> The HTTP/2.0 server requires you to have Python 2.7.10+
and OpenSSL 1.0.2+. This is because HTTP/2.0 is negotiated using the
[TLS ALPN](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7301) extension, which is only
supported in
[OpenSSL 1.0.2](https://www.openssl.org/news/openssl-1.0.2-notes.html) and up.

### Tests Requiring QUIC

We do not support loading a test over QUIC yet, but a test can establish a QUIC
connection to the test server (e.g. for WebTransport, similar to WebSocket).
Since the QUIC server is not yet enabled by default, tests need to explicitly

> declare the requirement:

Reviewer: This sounds like if you declare the requirement then the QUIC server will be enabled, which is not true. I think it would help to explain *less* actually:

`Tests must declare that they need access to the QUIC server:`

And then below:

`The QUIC server is not yet enabled by default, so QUIC tests will be skipped unless --do-quic-things is specified to ./wpt run.```

> Since the QUIC server is not yet enabled by default, tests need to explicitly
> declare the requirement:

Author: ```suggestion
Since the QUIC server is not yet enabled by default, tests must explicitly
declare that they need access to the QUIC server:
```

* For HTML tests (including testharness.js and reference tests), add the
  following element:
```html
<meta name="quic" content="true">
```
* For JavaScript tests (auto-generated tests), add the following comment:
```js
// META: quic=true
```

> These tests will be skipped by default, unless the QUIC server is enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
The QUIC server is not yet enabled by default, so QUIC tests will be skipped
unless `--enable-quic` is specified to `./wpt run`.
```
